(upbeat cheerful music)
♪ Harry Truman, Doris Day,
Red China, Johnnie Ray ♪
♪ South Pacific, Walter
Winchell, Joe DiMaggio ♪
♪ Joe McCarthy, Richard Nixon,
Studebaker, television ♪
♪ North Korea, South
Korea, Marilyn Monroe ♪
(upbeat cheerful music)
♪ Rosenbergs, H-bomb,
Sugar Ray, Panmunjom ♪
♪ Brando, "The King and I,"
and "The Catcher in the Rye" ♪
♪ Eisenhower, vaccine,
England's got a new queen ♪
♪ Marciano, Liberace, Santayana goodbye ♪
♪ We didn't start the fire ♪
♪ It was always burning since
the world's been turning ♪
♪ We didn't start the fire ♪
♪ No, we didn't light it,
but we tried to fight it ♪
♪ Joseph Stalin, Malenkov,
Nasser, and Prokofiev ♪
♪ Rockefeller, Campanella,
Communist Bloc ♪
♪ Roy Cohn, Juan Peron,
Toscanini, Dacron ♪
♪ Dien Bien Phu falls,
"Rock Around the Clock" ♪
♪ Einstein, James Dean,
Brooklyn's got a winning team ♪
♪ Davy Crockett, Peter Pan,
Elvis Presley, Disneyland ♪
♪ Bardot, Budapest, Alabama, Krushchev ♪
♪ Princess Grace, "Peyton
Place," trouble in the Suez ♪
♪ We didn't start the fire ♪
♪ It was always burning since
the world's been turning ♪
♪ We didn't start the fire ♪
♪ No, we didn't light it,
but we tried to fight it ♪
♪ Little Rock, Pasternak,
Mickey Mantle, Kerouac ♪
♪ Sputnik, Zhou Enlai,
"Bridge on the River Kwai" ♪
♪ Lebanon, Charles de
Gaulle, California baseball ♪
♪ Starkweather homicide,
children of thalidomide ♪
(upbeat cheerful music)
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Buddy Holly, "Ben-Hur,"
space monkey, mafia ♪
♪ Hula hoops, Castro, Edsel is a no-go ♪
♪ U2, Syngman Rhee, Payola, and Kennedy ♪
♪ Chubby Checker, "Psycho,"
Belgians in the Congo ♪
♪ We didn't start the fire ♪
♪ It was always burning since
the world's been turning ♪
♪ We didn't start the fire ♪
♪ No, we didn't light it,
but we tried to fight it ♪
♪ Hemingway, Eichmann,
"Stranger in a Strange Land" ♪
♪ Dylan, Berlin, Bay of Pigs invasion ♪
♪ "Lawrence of Arabia",
British Beatlemania ♪
♪ Ole Miss, John Glenn,
Liston beats Patterson ♪
♪ Pope Paul, Malcolm X,
British politician sex ♪
♪ JFK blown away, what
else do I have to say ♪
♪ We didn't start the fire ♪
♪ It was always burning since
the world's been turning ♪
♪ We didn't start the fire ♪
♪ No, we didn't light it,
but we tried to fight it ♪
♪ Birth control, Ho Chi Minh,
Richard Nixon back again ♪
♪ Moonshot, Woodstock,
Watergate, punk rock ♪
♪ Bagan, Reagan, Palestine,
terror on the airline ♪
♪ Ayatollah's in Iran,
Russians in Afghanistan ♪
♪ "Wheel of Fortune", Sally
Ride, heavy metal, suicide ♪
♪ Foreign debts, homeless vets,
AIDS, crack, Bernie Goetz ♪
♪ Hypodermics on the shore,
China's under martial law ♪
♪ Rock and roller, cola wars,
I can't take it anymore ♪
♪ We didn't start the fire ♪
♪ It was always burning since
the world's been turning ♪
♪ We didn't start the fire ♪
♪ But when we are gone
it will still burn on ♪
♪ And on, and on, and on, and
on, and on, and on, and on ♪
♪ We didn't start the fire ♪
♪ It was always burning since
the world's been turning ♪
♪ We didn't start the fire ♪
♪ No, we didn't light it,
but we tried to fight it ♪
♪ We didn't start the fire ♪
♪ It was always burning since
the world's been turning ♪
♪ We didn't start ♪